Exercise 27

Search for the student's name, course name and grade from all the performances.
Exercise 28

Search for the name and grade of the course from all Uolevi performances.
School
id name
1 Ohpe
2 Guide
3 Tira
4 Depression

Performances
student_id course_id grade
Exercise 29

Search for the student's name and grade from all Ohpe performances.
Exercise 30

Apply for all performances with a grade of 4 or 5.
Exercise 31

Get the number of achievements for each student. You can assume that every student has at least one achievement.
Exercise 32

Get the best performance grade for each student. You can assume that every student has at least one achievement.
Exercise 33

Search for information on all flight connections.
Exercise 34

Search for destinations on all flights departing from Helsinki.
Exercise 35

For each player, report how many results they have (even if there are no results).
Exercise 36

Get the number of achievements for each student (even if there are no achievements).
Exercise 37

Get the number of completers for each course (even if there are no completions).
Exercise 38

Retrieve the names of all courses that have been completed at least once.
Exercise 39

Retrieve the names of all courses that have not been completed even once.
Exercise 40

Search for each city, how many flights depart from there (even if there are no flights).
Exercise 41

Search for double the price of each product.
Exercise 42

Search for all products with an even price.
Exercise 43

Get the length of each word in characters.
Exercise 44

Search for all words less than 6 characters long.
Exercise 45

Search for words arranged primarily by length and secondarily by alphabetical order.
Exercise 46

Search for users' full names in one column.
Exercise 47

Find the total length of all words.
Exercise 48

Calculate the total price of each order.
Exercise 49

Calculate the sum of the total prices of all orders.
Exercise 50

Search for the names of all movies released in a leap year. (A year is a leap year if it is divisible by 4. If a year is divisible by 100, it is only a leap year if it is also divisible by 400.)
Exercise 51

Search all products with the lowest price.
Exercise 52

Search all products with a price up to double the lowest price.
Exercise 53

Search for all products whose price is not on any other product.
Exercise 54

Search for the first word in alphabetical order.
Exercise 55

Search for another word in alphabetical order. You can assume that no two words are the same on the board.
Exercise 56

Search all words except the first in alphabetical order. You can assume that no two words are the same on the board.
Exercise 57

Find all words that contain the letter i.
Exercise 58

Find all words that start with the letter a.
Exercise 59

Find all words with exactly five letters and the second letter is p.
Exercise 60

Find all words with exactly two letters a.
Exercise 61

Search for information on how many groups he is in for each user.
Exercise 62

Search for information on how many users belong to each group.
Exercise 63

Search for all users who belong to more than one group.
Exercise 64

Search for all users who belong to at least one group with the user "uolevi".
Exercise 65

Search for all users who do not belong to any of the same groups as the user "uolevi".
Exercise 66

Search for words arranged in a case-insensitive manner. Each word consists of the letters a-z and A-Z.
Exercise 67

Search for the product with the lowest price (if there are several cheapest products, choose the first one in alphabetical order).
Exercise 68

For each product, search for information on whether the price of many products differs by at most one (this includes the product itself).
Exercise 69

Calculate how many ways you can choose two products so that the total price is exactly 10.

Note! There can be two same products in the combination and we want to calculate different combinations. In the example, the combinations are celery+celery and turnip+turnip (ie turnip+turnip is not included).
Exercise 70

Calculate the smallest difference in the price of the two products.
Exercise 71

Calculate each account's balance based on transactions (each account's balance is initially 0).
